Make some necessary updates to internal tools doc (#11950)
department-of-veterans-affairs/va.gov-team: platform/engineering/internal-tools.md

<hr>

## Design rationale

Some utilities, such as metrics dashboards, error reporting, and deployment tools, should not be made available to the public. While such a utility may lock functionality behind a user login system, these vary among implementations and may be vulnerable to exploits. 

The preferred solution is to host these systems on an internal network that prevents public access. While the VA maintains an internal network, the VSP team operates within the AWS environment. After extensive efforts to obtain a zone delegation, we are able to control the records for internal tools using the `*.vfs.va.gov` zone delegation and Route53.

> The SOCKS proxy is a server on your local system that tunnels HTTP and DNS traffic to a jumpbox on the va.gov AWS network. Once connected, a developer will have access to the `*.vfs.va.gov` domain and can use their browser to connect to tools such as Prometheus, Jenkins, and Sentry.

Reviewer: I know this is small, but we may want to add Grafana to this list of tools, so people know.

Author: Added in https://github.com/department-of-veterans-affairs/va.gov-team/pull/11950/commits/ab4a6e42fe80e3f78ad62543645d53b6415589ec

1. When prompted, enter the following name for your key (keeping the default path): 
   

>    `/c/Users/jbritt/.ssh/id_rsa_vagov` (ensuring to swap out the user for your actual user)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   `/c/Users/<user>/.ssh/id_rsa_vagov` (ensuring to swap out <user> for your actual user)
```

I don't know if this suggestion is much better. But definitely agree on adding the comment to swap out user for actual user.

Reviewer 2: Although now that I see the whole script I can see why you want a real username for the example

   
   `ls ~/.ssh`
   
   You will see your public and private keys. Your public key will end in a `.pub` extension, such as `id_rsa_vagov.pub`, and your private key will have the same name minus the `.pub` extension. 
1. You can view the contents of your new public key by entering the following command: 
   
   `cat ~/.ssh/id_rsa_vagov.pub`
   
   You will need to copy the contents and provide them in a future step.
1. Add this key to your SSH agent any time this terminal is restarted. 
   - Ensure your SSH agent is running by typing: `eval $(ssh-agent -s)`.
   - Add your key to the agent by typing: `ssh-add ~/.ssh/id_rsa_vagov`.  
     **Note:** Use the private key here, not the `.pub` public key. 
   - Verify the key is added by typing: `ssh-add -l`. 
     This command should give output showing your key's signature added to the running SSH agent like the illustration below:
     ```
     $ssh-add -l                                                                                           
     2048 SHA256:ShkbdHKQqDwgONLv8/1qiYlX20kX9IPp3uV56ATp3c8 
     /home/user/.ssh/id_rsa_vagov (RSA)
     ```

>    - Any time your terminal is restarted, you will want to ensure your key is added by running `ssh-add -l`. If your key signature is not returned, or you receive output referring to your agent, run `eval $(ssh-agent -s)` and `ssh-add ~/.ssh/id_rsa_vagov`.

Reviewer 2: We can probably mention this for mac users if we don't elsewhere https://apple.stackexchange.com/questions/48502/how-can-i-permanently-add-my-ssh-private-key-to-keychain-so-it-is-automatically

Author: Good idea, will get it added.

Author: Added optional/additional options for automatically adding key to keychain/agent for Mac/Windows, respectively in https://github.com/department-of-veterans-affairs/va.gov-team/pull/11950/commits/4ef15766750f8efc1ebd042f18535d332c1d9a1f

    * Got it? Return to [Additional orientation steps for developers](https://github.com/department-of-veterans-affairs/va.gov-team/blob/master/platform/working-with-vsp/orientation/request-access-to-tools.md#authorizekeys) and request that your SSH keys be authorized.

## Configure the SOCKS proxy

These steps assume your SSH keys have been authorized and that you're running on Linux, OSX, or have a Unix shell emulator like Git Bash (Windows). There are slightly different commands to connect to the proxy depending on whether you are connected to the VA network or not. You will need to run the SOCKS proxy on your local system whenever you need access to tools on the `*.vfs.va.gov` domain.

1. Save the SSH configuration that you'll need locally to access the remote SSH servers.

>     * Click [this link](https://github.com/department-of-veterans-affairs/devops/raw/master/ssh/config) and copy the entire URL within the new tab.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    * Click <a href="https://github.com/department-of-veterans-affairs/devops/raw/master/ssh/config" target="_blank">this link</a> and copy the entire URL of the new tab.
```
maybe help ensure link opens in new tab?

Author: applied

      1. From within the terminal (Mac) or Git Bash (Windows), run the following command making sure to change `$URL` to the one you now have copied (i.e. `https://raw.githubusercontent.com/department-of-veterans-affairs/devops/master/ssh/config\?token\=ANNHPNCZI2YPEPZFLIAOGQS7GVQSE`): `curl $URL > ~/.ssh/config`. 
```
❯ curl https://raw.githubusercontent.com/department-of-veterans-affairs/devops/master/ssh/config\?token\=ANNHPNCZI2YPEPZFLIAOGQS7GVQSE > ~/.ssh/config
% Total    % Received % Xferd  Average Speed   Time    Time     Time  Current
                                 Dload  Upload   Total   Spent    Left  Speed
100  5804  100  5804    0     0  15602      0 --:--:-- --:--:-- --:--:-- 15602
❯ ls -al ~/.ssh
total 80
drwx------   8 jeremybritt  staff    256 Aug  6 11:27 .
drwxr-xr-x+ 48 jeremybritt  staff   1536 Aug  6 11:50 ..
-rw-r--r--   1 jeremybritt  staff   5804 Aug  6 11:50 config
-rw-------@  1 jeremybritt  staff   1766 Oct  9  2019 id_rsa_vetsgov
-rw-r--r--   1 jeremybritt  staff    381 Nov 12  2019 id_rsa_vetsgov.pub
```

> > If you already have a `~/.ssh/config` file and would like to keep it intact, you can save the file to a different name `~/.ssh/config_va` and edit `~/.ssh/config` to add this line at the top: `Include ~/.ssh/config_va`. Alternatively, you can use the following command within the terminal to automate this process: `grep -qxF 'Include ~/.ssh/config_va' ~/.ssh/config || echo -e "Include ~/.ssh/config_va\n$(cat ~/.ssh/config)" > ~/.ssh/config`.

Reviewer 3: idk if it would be better to include this approach first? if the user has an existing `~/.ssh/config` then running the previous command will overwrite it without warning. alternatively use `curl -o` instead of `>` and include info for if `config-1` gets created

Author: applied

Author: added in https://github.com/department-of-veterans-affairs/va.gov-team/pull/11950/commits/8f987f9deb532082a65de4db43be81e498acec17
